deciding window own and deciding when to rent really has to do with you
personally where you're at financially. Ah, and how long you think
you're gonna be in the area? You know, if you think that you're gonna
be station a particular area for several years and financially you
can accommodate owning your own place. And I would probably recommend
doing that. There's a lot of benefit to being a homeowner financially
as well as just personally. And, um, you know, as you get ready
to leave that area, you have several options. You can either rent
your place out and continue to make income while you're paying the mortgage
down. Or you can go and try and sell it. Um, or you might decide
that you want to rent because it's easier. It's actually may be
cheaper. Maybe you don't need a home because you're single individual,
and so all you really need is a studio size apartment, and you're
able to get away with that or you're not gonna be in that area long
enoughto where owning someplace to live just doesn't financially make
sense. Then you're probably gonna want to rent instead